#### 2018-05-20

I've decided to start keeping a diary again.

I'm 46-years-old and working from home for a US-based startup. My kids are 11 and 8, and doing well at school. My wife works from home once or twice a week, which allows us to have lunch together.

It's nice, but I want more. I want to be creative, and do good work.

I also want to generate a passive income.

I have a few project ideas kicking around:

- Jack and I are working on a password manager "for your mum".
- Jack, Rob and I still occasionally post to our "Link a Day" Slack channel.
- I've started toying around with SDL2 and vanilla C again.

Yes, C. It's quite refreshing, and I think decades of experience with higher-level languages means the C code I write nowadays has matured without me knowing about it.

Anyway, I plan to resurrect the _HackTile_ project. Hopefully this diary will help me keep track of that. But I get easily distracted from side projects.

I'll be trying to apply the principles of "deep work". I'll schedule daily blocks of time to work on one of the aforementioned projects, and I'll track my progress by writing it down here. I want to keep at it for at least 100 days, like I did with the 7-minute workout. That'll help to make it a habit.

But I'm still recovering from a severe head cold. It's a beautiful Autumn day, and we had a lunch of _banh-mi-tet_ at the park in East Perth, but back home now with the kids (looking after Lilian, Lachlan and Yoshi because their parents are at the footy).

Future posts will be shorter. I just want to capture the essence of each day.

Onward!