#### 2022-09-30

One month into my new job and it's been going great, exceeding my expectations on all fronts. Feel like I'm having a real impact without needing to be across everything in the business. And the people are fantastic. Can't wait to be given the opportunity to visit in person. And although my schedule has gravitated more towards regular business hours, I still have time during my day for chores and exercise, and can make up for that in the evenings. Have been using `watson` to track my time and have been spending around 45 hours per week working, so have been deliberately limiting my hours to get it below 40, and to develop a natural feel for the expected rate of work. My tendency is to overwork, but I really want to avoid that... I'm in this for the long run.

School holidays have started and the in-laws are visiting from Sydney for the entire two weeks, which is awesome but also chaotic with them staying with us for the first 5 days. Jack has been spending a lot of time with his cousins, waking up at 6:30am each morning. They moved out of our place yesterday, and without them there he slept through to 9:30am! He needed it.

We took the gang to Treetop Adventures in Yanchep, and Joshie joined us. Eliza stayed with him throughout, and although initially uncertain he ended up having a great time. However, as he was taking off his harness back at the reception area, he started becoming unresponsive. We thought he was being silly when he collapsed on the ground at the feet of another family, but Eliza quickly realised something was wrong, saying "I think he's having a seizure!"

The man standing next to Joshie with his family when he collapsed reacted instantly, telling us he's qualified, and asked me to time the duration of the seizure. He and his wife had initially thought Joshie was autistic, based on his behaviour, and it was Eliza's reaction that made them realise it was abnormal. He made sure Joshie recovered and waited for the ambulance arrived, giving the paramedics a detailed description of the seizure that he had witnessed first-hand. I asked him for his contact details to pass them on to Joshie's parents.

D. travelled in the Ambulance with Joshie, taking him to Perth Children's Hospital, where Joshie's parents were waiting. Once settled in they called the man who had helped us, who turned out to be the most senior ER physician at that very same hospital. We were so lucky that he was there, 60kms north of the city, on his day off with his family to help us!