#### 2025-01-19

Last week of the before times (the new president is to be sworn in tomorrow). Weird tik-tok flip-flop. I was feeling a bit off all week, but still managed 3 bike rides to hit 80km, and I made a start on the "Rhyme or Reason" project, but was more prone to distraction than I would have liked. It's challenging because it's still the holiday period so I'm not quite back into a normal routine yet.

New outdoor setting delivered from Bay Furniture in Dunsborough, and very happy with the results. Got the backyard set up. And new washer and dryer after our ones carked it; they were making horrible grinding noises and something had leaked into the washing machine that stained the clothes. Easy to pop into Winning Appliances to view and order a new set, they were on sale so saved $1400 and were delivered promptly and set up much better than the previous set were.

Out to see Adam Hall on Saturday night. Started at Edward and Ida's for great cocktails and food, then sauntered down to the State Theatre for the show in the outdoor courtyard area, where we met up with some friends, and then ended the night at Shadow Wine Bar. I had probably one drink too many so didn't feel the best the next morning.

Ended the weekend with the family over to try out the new outdoor setting. It was a pretty warm night so I didn't think we'd sit outside but everyone seemed happy to do so. Dzung made a nice chacuterie board and I gradually brought out other food (barbequeued scallops, sausages, potatoes dauphinoise, beef and chicken kebabs, salads) as everyone chatted. Ended with a lemon and raspberry birthday cake in the cool indoors. Simple and cruisy, just the way I like it.